Relationship between Istio and Envoy (#12579)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/releases/supported-releases/index.md

{{< /warning >}}

| Minor Releases   | Patched versions with no known CVEs                  |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.16.x           | 1.16.0+                                              |
| 1.15.x           | 1.15.3+                                              |
| 1.14.x           | 1.14.5 - End of life. A new CVE will NOT be patched. |
| 1.13.x           | 1.13.9 - End of life. A new CVE will NOT be patched. |
| 1.12 and earlier | None, all versions have known vulnerabilities.       |

## Relationship between Istio and Envoy

> Istio's data plane related on [Envoy](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio's data plane is based on [Envoy](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy).
```

> Istio cut major release branch after Envoy released, the relationship between two project summary as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The relationship between two projects versions:
```

| Istio version | Envoy release |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| 1.17.x        | 1.25.x        |
| 1.16.x        | 1.24.x        |
| 1.15.x        | 1.23.x        |

> you can find Envoy commit message from [Istio/proxy](https://github.com/istio/proxy/blob/master/WORKSPACE#L38).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, Istio releases tend to map one to one with Envoy releases. You can find the precise Envoy commit used in [istio/proxy](https://github.com/istio/proxy/blob/master/WORKSPACE#L38).
```

> you can find Envoy commit message from [Istio/proxy](https://github.com/istio/proxy/blob/master/WORKSPACE#L38).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Envoy commit SHA used by Istio can be found at [Istio/proxy](https://github.com/istio/proxy/blob/master/WORKSPACE#L38).
```

{{< /warning >}}

| Minor Releases   | Patched versions with no known CVEs                  |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.16.x           | 1.16.0+                                              |
| 1.15.x           | 1.15.3+                                              |
| 1.14.x           | 1.14.5 - End of life. A new CVE will NOT be patched. |
| 1.13.x           | 1.13.9 - End of life. A new CVE will NOT be patched. |
| 1.12 and earlier | None, all versions have known vulnerabilities.       |

## Supported Envoy Versions

Istio's data plane is based on [Envoy](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy).

The relationship between two projects versions:

| Istio version | Envoy version |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| 1.17.x        | 1.25.x        |
| 1.16.x        | 1.24.x        |
| 1.15.x        | 1.23.x        |

> In general, Istio releases tend to map one to one with Envoy releases. You can find the precise Envoy commit used in [istio/proxy](https://github.com/istio/proxy/blob/master/WORKSPACE#L38).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, Istio releases tend to map one to one with Envoy releases. You can find the precise Envoy commit used by Istio in [istio/proxy](https://github.com/istio/proxy/blob/master/WORKSPACE#L38).
```
